[Docs] Clarify k8s private registry usage in docs (#3998)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/examples/docker-containers.rst

Running Containers as Tasks
---------------------------

.. note::

>     On Kubernetes, running docker runtime in a pod is not recommended. Instead, :ref:`use your container as a runtime environment <docker-containers-as-runtime-environments>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    On Kubernetes, running Docker runtime in a pod is not recommended. Instead, :ref:`use your container as a runtime environment <docker-containers-as-runtime-environments>`.
```

Private Registries
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. note::

>     These instructions do not apply to Kubernetes clusters. See :ref:`Using Images from Private Repositories in Kubernetes<kubernetes-custom-images-private-repos>` for more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    These instructions do not apply if you use SkyPilot to launch on Kubernetes clusters. Instead, see :ref:`Using Images from Private Repositories in Kubernetes<kubernetes-custom-images-private-repos>`.
```
